aocsub/README.md, before:

# aocsub
A command line utility to submit answers to [Advent of Code](https://adventofcode.com) puzzles

## Warnings
From adventofcode.com (in a comment in the html):

>Please be careful with automated requests; I'm not a massive company, and I can
>only take so much traffic.  Please be considerate so that everyone gets to play.

Please do not use this project to send too many unneccessary requests to AOC. 


Additionally, as per the home page:

>starting this December, please don't use AI to get on the global leaderboard.

Please do not use this project as part of a pipeline to solve puzzles automatically with AI to get on the global leaderboard. 


Finally, this project has code to grab a user's session cookie from their firefox profile. 
Accomplishing this isn't necessarily difficult, but if this is the place you're first learning how do it, please use the knowledge responsibly. 
The world has enough token stealers already. 


## Usage

The program was designed with sane defaults in mind (when running in December). To submit the answer for the first level of today's puzzle, simply use 

```echo "youranswerhere" > aocsub```

or

```aocsub -a youranswerhere```

To submit an answer for a different day, you can use the `--year` and `--day` flags. For the second level, you can use the `--level` flag. When run during December in the UTC-5 timezone (the timezone AOC uses),
The default year is the current year and the default day is the current day. When run during a different month, the default year is the previous year and
the default day is december 1st. Obviously, you cannot run it with a year that's too far in the past or in the future or a day greater than 31. The default level is always 1. 

```aocsub --year 2015 --day 3 --level 2 --answer youranswerhere``` is equivalent to

```aocsub -y 2015 -d 3 -l 2 -a youranswerhere```


By default, the program pulls the session cookie for `*.adventofcode.com` from the user's `default-release` firefox profile located in `~/.mozilla/firefox`.
This may not be preferable for several reasons, not the least of which being that it fails to grab the session cookie if firefox is currently running (you'll receive a "database locked" error). 
To accomodate this, there are a few options included.

1. provide the session cookie directly with the `--cookie` flag e.g. `aocsub --cookie xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx` or `aocsub -c xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx`
2. provide the path to a file that contains the cookie with the `--file` flag e.g. `aocsub --file ~/.mycookie.txt` or `aocsub -f ~/.mycookie.txt`
3. provide an alternative folder for your firefox profile with the `--browser-folder` flag e.g. `aocsub --browser-folder /etc/share/.mozilla` or `aocsub -b /etc/share/.mozilla`

## Notes
Unlike the other apps in aoc_utils, this one cannot be built indpendently. It relies on code from `aoc_fetch` in
order to get session cookies. It can be build just fine if the whole repository is downloaded, but not in isolation. 


## FAQ
> Will you add support for $OTHER_BROWSER?

If someone files a PR, I'd be willing to merge it but I don't currently use chrome or any other browser beside firefox so I don't plan on doing it myself. For reference, the code for this is located in `aocfetch` 

> Will this work on Windows?

Maybe? I haven't tried it. The default cookie grabbing behavior almost certainly wouldn't work, though it might if you use `-b` and provide the correct windows Directory, but I see no reason why the rest of it wouldn't. Try at your own risk and let me know the results.

Commit message:

update readmes (works while firefox is running)

aocsub/README.md, after:

# aocsub
A command line utility to submit answers to [Advent of Code](https://adventofcode.com) puzzles

## Warnings
From adventofcode.com (in a comment in the html):

>Please be careful with automated requests; I'm not a massive company, and I can
>only take so much traffic.  Please be considerate so that everyone gets to play.

Please do not use this project to send too many unneccessary requests to AOC. 


Additionally, as per the home page:

>starting this December, please don't use AI to get on the global leaderboard.

Please do not use this project as part of a pipeline to solve puzzles automatically with AI to get on the global leaderboard. 


Finally, this project has code to grab a user's session cookie from their firefox profile. 
Accomplishing this isn't necessarily difficult, but if this is the place you're first learning how do it, please use the knowledge responsibly. 
The world has enough token stealers already. 


## Usage

The program was designed with sane defaults in mind (when running in December). To submit the answer for the first level of today's puzzle, simply use 

```echo "youranswerhere" > aocsub```

or

```aocsub -a youranswerhere```

To submit an answer for a different day, you can use the `--year` and `--day` flags. For the second level, you can use the `--level` flag. When run during December in the UTC-5 timezone (the timezone AOC uses),
The default year is the current year and the default day is the current day. When run during a different month, the default year is the previous year and
the default day is december 1st. Obviously, you cannot run it with a year that's too far in the past or in the future or a day greater than 31. The default level is always 1. 

```aocsub --year 2015 --day 3 --level 2 --answer youranswerhere``` is equivalent to

```aocsub -y 2015 -d 3 -l 2 -a youranswerhere```


By default, the program pulls the session cookie for `*.adventofcode.com` from the user's `default-release` firefox profile located in `~/.mozilla/firefox`.
If this is not preferable e.g. because you use another browser or because you use NixOS, there are other options to supply the cookie.

1. provide the session cookie directly with the `--cookie` flag e.g. `aocsub --cookie xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx` or `aocsub -c xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx`
2. provide the path to a file that contains the cookie with the `--file` flag e.g. `aocsub --file ~/.mycookie.txt` or `aocsub -f ~/.mycookie.txt`
3. provide an alternative folder for your firefox profile with the `--browser-folder` flag e.g. `aocsub --browser-folder /etc/share/.mozilla` or `aocsub -b /etc/share/.mozilla`

## Notes
Unlike the other apps in aoc_utils, this one cannot be built indpendently. It relies on code from `aoc_fetch` in
order to get session cookies. It can be build just fine if the whole repository is downloaded, but not in isolation. 


## FAQ
> Will you add support for $OTHER_BROWSER?

If someone files a PR, I'd be willing to merge it but I don't currently use chrome or any other browser beside firefox so I don't plan on doing it myself. For reference, the code for this is located in `aocfetch` 

> Will this work on Windows?

Maybe? I haven't tried it. The default cookie grabbing behavior almost certainly wouldn't work, though it might if you use `-b` and provide the correct windows Directory, but I see no reason why the rest of it wouldn't. Try at your own risk and let me know the results.
